So the understanding that they're not going, another HPCSA registered practitioner in the fine print, but this is a facilitator. Yeah, and he's been trained in the following. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So basically, that's the whole thing. I think the triage thing is, I don't know if you look at the thing, they can, if they don't want to speak, they can for any reason, because I'm speaking to a guy in CAPCOM, we can handle all levels of African languages, their AI. Do their AI understand all the languages? Yeah, so I would then plug into their AI, so when the person leaves his notes in whichever language, we transcribe it, translate it, and then give a, you know, things in English. But I saw you said on that one thing, if it's not English, then rather type it. Yeah, because the natural language engine I'm using now, it doesn't get very good scores on other languages. Yeah, yeah, I understand. So I'm using OpenAI, and I saw their scoring, the accuracy on other languages wasn't so great. Yeah, but that's because the dialect and culture. But the day one was the first one, it's perfect. It's 100%, so you can speak whatever, Afrikaans, English, broken Afrikaans, African, English, and then it will work with that. That one's called Vela, so Vela will be on the back end of the networks onboarding. And then from there, we will create the transcripts, and then obviously you want a dashboard for some route to manage, because either then we've got to say, one of our things is we're empowered by AI type of thing, but the patient routing is all human. It's a practitioner. So we need to, so yes, we could open the platform up, we onboard some providers, and then we make it available to patients that come in Lanker, they have their thing, all good, but there is a middle area which we're adding, which we might not want to have initially, is the triage that maybe we don't do that, even. Maybe we don't... They basically fill in a form like they would do when they come to see you, and then they book an appointment. You know, they say, here are these, here's the available panel, here's five, six doctors, there's a picture of them each, this is their speciality.
you click on book, you see the calendar, you say, okay, look, I'm going to check that at that time, and then we just look at that. But that, that could be, but I really feel, I kind of feel in my heart that that initial interaction must, it kind of sets us apart. If you, I don't know how you, because otherwise we're just offering, otherwise it's a, it's a, you can Google and then go to one of my competitors, which is that person, it's got five people you can choose, and make the, you know, you can throw them all, and at the point. Yeah, yeah, so I'm not scared of the, that component, because I think there's a lot of people, I mean, I'll let you talk about that, is, you know, there's people out there that I just find, like when I was going through cancer or when I was going through this or when this happened, I struggled to find help, even though they say there's support groups. When you say group to me, support group, I run that. It's firstly, I'm not gonna sit and tell you about my, so I think, you know, I think you mentioned, so I think, okay, so the platform positioning, we're positioning it as, it is a technology platform, but we have independent practitioners and then the onboarding week and all that. practitioner structure, we put something around that together, but I think like a little, just initial, we'll smarten that up. And then I think, yeah, so maybe when you wanna come in, you can let me not talk too much. So I think liability mitigation is that the agreement with the practitioners, obviously, we've got a practitioner agreement and then we can hash that out to make sure that we, you know, we're not, not messing there. So we covered the development of practitioner agreement, all of the terms and conditions, the telehealth consent documentation, because it's a telehealth platform, basically, pop your compliance, the emergency escalation, and then the practitioner. I saw that. All of that is of vital importance to protect people. Yeah, basically, because you've got to say that we're not a crisis handling, we're not an emergency, we are a platform. So as much as, you know, when the wheels fall off, you know, you need to call your, you know, go to the hospital, you know, call the EMTmas. They're giving more, please don't phone. Yeah, so I think, I'm not sure if you're okay with sharing what you've put together. Yeah, I'm going to share it. So go for it.
I can see, yeah, yeah. If I did it last yesterday. So I can see much better. So the wonderful thing, I love the idea and capability of the thing. I went and did some research. There's about 92%, I think, of people in South Africa that doesn't get help with their mental health. So only 8% actually get it. And there's various reasons. It's difficult to find practitioners. There's the thing of the whole, I'm going to a psychologist, the idea around that the mental health is the stigma. And then there's the big one also is finances. And then a lot of people don't know how to get in contact with one and who to ask. So that is a lot of things. And then the finances, like for a private health care session, 1,100, 1,400, it depends. It's 2,000, whatever. So there is a market, which I realized, because then I engaged, I do a lot of chat with ChatGPT in terms of what there is about. There's about 20% untapped market that if you increase the market to from 8% about to 20%, if you lower the cost of the session and make it accessible for more people, like the system one. So there's a huge, still market that is willing to pay a substantial amount that misses this whole thing. So if you look at the financial viability and profitability, there is a huge 20% gap, which is a lot of people. That is, if you get a subscription-based thing and all of that, that's the whole thing. And then there is in South Africa, let's say, a 70% market that can't contract it. It's like, I can't. I'm not going to pay for it. I just want it that way. But to develop one of the talk, because you want the, it's like a church. The church has to make money, otherwise it dies. One of those things. So you have to run it like a business, otherwise one of the talks will die out, I believe, quite soon. Yeah, I think the, I agree. I mean, that is real stats, obviously. So I agree with that. So I think we can never give a service away for free. The reason being is you create a perception that, well, it has to be known as this is...
What that is, that could be as good service as our AI version. As I said, you said before, if you make something cheap or free, it creates a perception of subpar service. We mustn't be scared to say we're going to charge. So you know, 99 or do 85, whatever. Yeah, I think where the nice leverage comes in is to say, if we're on board, so somebody's studying and then they're like, you know, what they're doing, whatever, and they're getting taken into the company. So they're almost there. So we call it the facilitators. So we know that that facilitator is not far off what you would get once you've given them some, so I'll get back to something. And then we could say, okay, we discussed them. So look, you know, at 500 Rand a session for an hour, or we do 400 Rand for 300 for half an hour, something like that. So you're now getting an opportunity to interact with a person who's fallen in at 70%. So we understand also the language part of the 70% is language barriers. So you look at the demographic. The first language is not English. It's not a requirement. It's super. Now the Zulu guy is messed up, but so, so we can get that with the languages later, but we could then onboard a Zulu speaking counselor and a Portuguese speaking counselor and a facilitator. So that would still be, that, we can then negotiate with the guy saying, well, currently you've got zero income. You facilitate, you study this, this and that. Okay. So, but then we, we, we do like a, um, we qualify that facilitator. So look, okay, our way, your way of doing things around the way that you've learned over the last 70 years. So that you can identify certain things. So we use the conscious, subconscious, uh, is to understand when we, we send them like a questionnaire or whatever, ask them some questions and we do like a, online, they can go do a test. And that kind of gives us an idea to, of where they're at. And then maybe if we do decide to put them on board on the system as a facilitator, we then give them some guidelines to say, this is the next level where you can come there and you say, look, let me take a sign and the air that's get everything they can't use the information, but whatever. I mean, this is kind of using our way. That's when I spoke about the way they bring the patient in. So I think if they interact immediately with a patient and we've never told them nothing, it's not going to be the way you interact with it with a patient walking in the door. So it's kind of like, you know, upskilling them in that initial layer. So that's my thoughts around that. So, and then the ones actually where it's straight on, where you're going to onboard.
A person who's qualified and does charge a thousand rand an hour or whatever, we say, okay, there's a joining fee of so much or there's a percentage of the consultation, so it's a consult you wouldn't have, now it's a 10%. Now we say the platform fee is 10%, we call it a platform fee. So we never ever, so we can facilitate the payment, goes direct to that person, but then there's a, in the payment link, we take 10% off and they get paid. We don't take any money from that person. When the person gets paid, the money goes to that doctor's account and we take it, and on the invoice or the proof of payment, it says platform fee. Yes. So that's kind of how we manage it. So we're not taking the full consultation fee and then having to remit it after the fact, because then, you know, that gets messy because then your income shows this and it's only been paid tax on profit, you know, and then there's VAT and all that stuff. So I'm just thinking about, so we've got a platform fee for that doctor, so that caliber, when we do that onboarding for the... You say why is the platform? Yeah, we understand their qualifications, their appetite, you know, and then basically from there, we can say this is the price breaks and then we work with that. So I think the one part is to qualify the facilitators and then obviously we categorize the, what do I call it, the providers, you know, where they've got HPC attached or whatever. And then, yeah, so that's my thoughts on that. I like that. What I've also thought is in terms of, there's a part of your internal desire to, let's say, make healthcare accessible to more people as well. So let's say this is the platform. My wife's organization she started and running now, she's building, is Dash of Grace. That's the company's name. But there can be a thing of saying, hypothetically, 1% of what happens between, let's say, a client and provider is put in a Dash of Grace account. And that Dash of, you can call it whatever, Dash of Grace account. I don't care, it's like, it's Dash of Grace and then that pays for the providers for that. That can ultimately be one way. I was saying, because I was especially with like NPOs and...
Non-profit organisations where they maybe get grants and stuff like that to say, look, if you're out there, you can contact us and maybe they've got some funding. That's another problem. People overseas do huge funding for things like that if they actually see it as a project. But like millions of dollars actually comes in. Whatever we'll take it. So we categorise, so we've got the 70, we've got the 16%, sorry, it's currently we're still at 18%. Yeah, you can see, it's not that you say these people numbers, like just work it out. So like it's a 12% and then they've got the 18%. So we say the 12% is the affordability is there, so they can afford it. They just can't access it with an hour to get a hold of anybody. That's one of our... So that's our top tier, you know, HPCUSA or whatever provider, you know, the Prime Care, that. And then we fall into the 70% and we start to dissect that around languages. We can put some questionnaires out there if people go on and say, if you can't access healthcare, why? Most of the time they don't speak my language. So, you know, creating communities where you're going to answer these questions on Facebook or Twitter or whatever and, you know, we can put some questions and say, what is the blocker? And then also go with the funding model. But then, as I said, I think the key thing is to go back, we do all the documentation, the onboarding, the natural life, the provider onboarding. So I'm going to create, obviously, a page where once we've got all the documents and we're happy, we can send that back and forth in the send and receive suite. We're going to publish that and then I'll send you the look and feel of the landing page and then we have, we have a demo. So there's a quick thing on the platform. The platform, once the provider's on board, it's a full practice management plan. Yes. So it's not just video. It's not just the call. Yes, it can also be scheduling an appointment. Yeah, and then it's more than that. So like the Intercare one that you can have a call with the doctor. You share the little on their platform.
and half the time their doesn't work and the doctor phones you on the phone. Yes. And he says, hello, can't get on, blah, blah. So this one while you're in the call, it can record the call, while you're talking, so keep it. It can transcribe it and keep the notes for you. You can make notes on the system. You can also share stuff, so the whiteboard and all that type of stuff. You can draw on a tablet and you can do your drawing. And then they can upload documents there. So maybe they've got referral letters and they've got this, they've got that. We can store all that. If that person is, say, a psychologist or a psychiatrist and they actually want to do a script, you can do a script on the system. And you can submit a script, you can submit a sick note. And when you go back and it stores all that information. So when a doctor logs back in before he has a consult with you again, he logs in and he's got all his notes there, he's got all the documents attached. It's got all that already there. So it's, and then you can invoice on the platform, you can integrate to pharmacies, it's already prepared integration. It's got, even when you upload a handwritten document, it converts it into a text document. So it's a full, we'll do it like a 30-minute one-hour demo with you online. So it's a full. The competition for that, and I don't know where, so in South Africa how it works is we've got the health professional council of South Africa. That's the one that gives you your HPSA number. And then you've got VHA. That's the board of healthcare funders. You give this number to the board and they give you a practice number. So that's how it works in South Africa. With that practice number, you can then claim from medical aid. The thing is, so there's systems already developed like GoodX. I don't know if you've seen that. And Panacea, I use Panacea. That's cheaper because I can't afford GoodX. It's got more of the ICD-10 code. It's got all of that. Now I don't know, because I've seen GoodX pre-AI, but I don't know how GoodX have integrated AI. They probably have. So this is a, I don't know, so this is a system, I don't know, maybe the two of you, that says, okay, you can also make notes, you can also do this, but I don't think they are such a strong AI-based. So if you are going to compete in that category, is there space? Yeah, one is talking become a practice management system for the 8% elite people as well. That's, yeah, yeah. I think where we're not really focusing on that is to say, when a provider goes on board, maybe he's got his own QuickBooks and he's got his own this and he's got his own that.
You go to the cow, you go to the cow, my lady, whatever. It's fine. This is to say we're facilitating the intake of the doctor. But, by the way, we also have these functions. If you want to, you don't have to. But I'm saying, currently where it's being used in the world, it's a full practice management platform. But I wouldn't want to go into the space where we're competing against practice management. Good eggs or CL. That's not useless. So basically, we just have those functions. So it's more than you have currently when you're having a consult. So you don't maybe need to write so much stuff down. You can talk more and then the patient can upload something and maybe you've got a reference letter or you've got something which you want to annex. So you can integrate it part of the practitioner can see, okay, this is what we've got on the patient. That is something I wanted to do years ago. So basically, if that person logs in in the morning and they go to their calendar, they'll have all their bookings. They click on it, they'll see the patient's name, information, previous history of documents, whatever that's there already. It's in the consult, last thing, go read, just go read a quick recap. Okay, I remember. Okay, ja, ja, ja. So that's all there. That's all centralized. It's all there. So there's no need to go store documents or anything. So it manages all the documentation. The fact that it has a, you know, it can do invoicing and it can do scripts and it can integrate to pharmacy where you can dispense medicine. That's awesome. So basically, it's got all that. The big thing I've seen though is in South Africa, we lost that integrated field of healthcare. Meaning, the psychologist works on his own, the psychiatrist works on himself, the GP, their this, their this. The system can definitely override where it can connect all of that. Yeah, so currently it's been predominantly used for GP, medical. Medical, yeah, yeah. You know, all types of medicals, from GPs to surgeons to specialists, whatever, it's being used for that. So if I go into the healthcare side on the one that they've deployed, the one that they've deployed was in Asia, Taiwan, I think. They're running it there. They started January. They've got 3,000 doctors on already. They've got like 300,000 patients on. That's big. From one January. So, and it's being used actively. So the thing is there, I went under the healthcare there. Not one person because they're not phoning that healthcare side. But the thing is you need a few eons on because if you want to stay lucky...
Managers need to see at least, you know, this other, so you can also speak to, you know, people, but when it comes to systems and stuff, people start to talk IT and flashing of systems, then I just, we just back off. Okay, so that's not where we're gonna... I'm good. Now, I just want to ask, for my thinking, that, say that's one door, the system. Now, here's all the millions like I drew last time, patients or people. What I've got is, for instance, there, hypothetically, if you want to test it, you've got Lo, and I've got Chanel, these are psychologists, psychologist, health professional, health professional. Then we've got Vanessa, she's running her own practice, but not that busy, but she's the facilitator counselor. And then we've got Ursula out of the Ursula State, which is a facilitator. Hypothetically. So that's what I can put my own in, actually, all of these are under the firm which Dr. Moorman is gonna come and see at the end of the month, and having that. So we've got a doctor that works with us. What I want to know is, the documentation there to link into the CISO, does it make sense, that's what you're talking about? Do you want the system, so say for instance, I load, go through and say, yes, you are good enough, and you are good enough, and you are good enough to be on the system, or do you want to make it in such a way that there can be 2,000 providers, or do you want to have control over the providers and the money you ask and the money they get and the... Unfortunately, I have to, because I think that's where we need to do the qualification of the providers, because we want a certain... Level of setup. Because people are gonna come out, like I said, if you enroll, it's throw out. There's gonna be a shift down of the 8% people that's gonna say, I don't like it if they can get that quality healthcare. You're breaking my monopoly. Not happy. So if I can keep control. I think it's like starting off with layer one, you know, those people. And then we go from there. When providers, we obviously have to run a type of marketing campaign, or we do a mailer, or we do, you know, whatever. We can decide how we wanna do that. Or, you know, the reach is gonna depend on him. So we're also gonna chat to, what's it, Guy, Marsh. Yeah, Marsh. So I'll have a chat with Marsh. To advertise it. To advertise it, yeah. But to advertise the...
I decided first that we must get all the documentation right. So at the same time, we must get the documentation onboarding right for the patients. So how many people do you need here to actively run this system, for instance? It doesn't matter. I have control over the following. This is a reality line for instance, Vanessa. She's excellent. We can ask hypothetically R900 an hour, and she will work for R450 an hour. So as an hour, we'll work for R500 an hour. We can charge anything above that, unfortunately. I asked Chanel is actually also happy with R500. So that's stuff I can decide with the people. And that's where I say, where we onboard the people, that's where you play, to say, look, we're going to charge R500. Is this my job, the onboarding of the system? I talk with the providers. That's where you come in, because you're going to either know them or know of them or heard of them. Yeah, I get you. We can do MARSH, they can complete that documentation, which you get a new free one, where they put their rates in there, what they expect to get. Then we go back, we obviously don't want to overload you with stuff. It's to say, look, that onboarding, you know, you can grow it. So you say, okay, now it's me and another person doing it, and then another person doing it. So as we grow, the onboarding component will pay for itself. So say, you know, so initially, the close pilot, we say, we take X amount of people, we start the system, you know, we, if they've got existing patients and they can't get there, we can do it, but then we get Marsh and these guys to start pushing some comms out and people start coming in and making appointments whether they're closed. How many people do you need here to actively run the system? I thought whether the thing to start and do your pilot study, how many do you need? 40 to 50 is fine, because I can get more. You can get more, but it doesn't, look, the investment I'm making, so I have to take the system, okay, the system's been developed, but it's now been branded and everything for another kind of app. Yeah, usually branding. So I'm rebranding it for my developers, so my investment is about 170,000 that I'm putting in on the rebranding, putting it into my environment again, you know, developing and basically doing it. But I'm doing it in two parts. So the one part is going to be a mobile app. I've executed the mobile app for now. So the app will be released and you can do it on the app. The first part will be the web, you still use a phone. So there's two parts to the one 70. It's about an initial $6,000, which I work in dollars because I use overseas developers. So my guys will...
So I go in there, $2,000 for three months to do the whole transfer, but they can start tomorrow once me and you have clarified the documentation, the onboarding process, we are happy with everything. So the paper behind it also. Yes, the paper behind it gets all done. Then I'll pull the trigger and within two weeks we are live. The system is done, it's branded, all this stuff. So that's the timeline. So and then during that, we can run it for a month or depending, maybe there's some tweaks, we do some changes. It's an established system so we're taking that exact system and we bring it over, but we're just taking the components that we don't need. We just don't make it available or show. We will keep all the other functionality. And then after three months and we see how it's going, then I can introduce the mobile app, which we then can use. So if you want, we can pay half of that money because then it depends on what you want in terms of the onboarding process. I think what we do is... Because I can do that for you. Yeah, but investment is, I think we can work on, I'll send you some of the numbers. Will you? Yeah, please. And then it'll come up. So your expertise is just as important, like my expertise is important, but... I can't do anything without you. You can still do anything without me, but that's the reality. No, you can do, you can, but I don't, sorry. There's the thing, business, you're replaceable, I'm not replaceable. Yeah, I'm fucking replaceable. There's many loads. That doesn't make sense. That's the thing, because there's one thing that is, what I'm kind of good at is, it's almost I want to make four loads here. Because I realized yesterday again when I saw a client and then when I asked him, he said, all this shit, do you have a book I can read? And I'm like, no, sorry, you need a book. You can't get this any way. 24 years of doing it. I don't think you've got to start claiming yourself so much. I know today then that lift your brain. I mean, people don't understand that a book is only as good as the person who writes it. I mean, you, you've got a level type thing and then you. So anyway, I think, yes, that's your area. The onboarding side is like, if you show you some stuff with me, to say this is what I currently use, you know, I feel this is fine. I can always give you some illegal extra and say, look, if there's any little loopholes and any little holes, maybe we can strengthen it slightly more. We are a platform. We're not taking liability.
You end up there for, you know, if a call drops, oh sorry, you know, that type of thing exists and, you know, maybe you're in the middle of some crisis and suddenly you get disconnected because you run out of power. So we build in the internet of shit and that, but other than that, look, also the other thing which I wanted to use was that geolocation thing, so we can see if you're nearer to the client. So we can quickly see which one there. Well, it just, if you, we still give you to Vanessa, Vanessa happens to be in Pretoria, you happen to be in Santon or blockbox or whatever, then it would be possible for you to get in a vehicle and go and have a physical meet with Vanessa. It's possible, but we can't start the journey with Vanessa yet. But no, it doesn't stop, no, no. That's just, I wouldn't know at what point you would need a face-to-face in person. Maybe, so we could manage it. Would you want that face-to-face in person? I think we must keep it virtual. I think the location thing we don't have to worry. I think we could use that to say if we need to go to your local hospital or you need to go to your local whoever and now we see you in that area and we create it up that, you know, we could do that first. It's not necessary. But I can build you a network. Yeah, if you've got it. It depends. I can do anything in terms of, you know, psychology. The reason why I can is I'm very, what do you call that? Meaning I've done this for 24 years. I've been through shit. I've broken my practice down three times because of drugs, working too hard. I've been through psychosis. I've been through it all. So the thing is, I think what psychologists do I probably know less. So in Africa we've got the, this is what in Africa. I can build you a system that Pretoria's there. George, I've got people. I've got people in Putterrooster. I've got people in Durban. So I can do that as well. So if geolocation says, yeah, you tell me that, do you want to, but I don't know if there's too many. But we don't have to. The thing is, those people are maybe sitting in Putterrooster and those areas there and they've got access to that 8%. Okay, and you know in that dolpie, the other 92%, still wanna see that. Well, they don't know. They don't know about it. They can't get to him, X, Y, Z. So especially now, I don't wanna say we've got the minicover, the petrol car. Transport is expensive. Yeah. It costs a lot for transport. So to go and drive to that. Now it's even more expensive. Make a huge, you take some time out of your day to get there. And the time goes. So you're going there and.
ChatGPT in the hour there and getting in and out and all that crap, and then, as I say, maybe you're suffering from depression, anxiety, and you don't want to go out. You don't want to get in your car to drive there, so you're packing your pants because you don't want to go out. One and talk is almost the office space. So with the office space, we're the facilitators, so you know, you can come here to One and talk. You know, where we structure the look and feel, we can create like an office space where you, you know, like spaces looks. You know, we're kind of spaces, you know, so. It's a very interesting thing if you go in that direction, because if you sit in, let's say you do online, because online sessions, I do believe, is going to be a thing that's going to happen. One and talk and facilitate, like teams. Or does it include teams in One and talk? Does it become teams? It's a very interesting thing. If you go in that direction, because if you sit in, let's say you do online, because online sessions, I do believe, is going to be a thing that's going to happen. One and talk and facilitate, like teams. Or does it include teams in One and talk? That's become teams. It's a very interesting thing. It's a very interesting thing. Because there's a psychological, neurological thing. If you take five minutes, build the office space in your client's mind. I can build it that the client thinks sitting in the office with you, even though he's working from home. I mean, you can be sitting and you can have a laptop there or a desktop. That's exactly what I'm going to do. You can just have a camera or you just have a laptop. You put your laptop on the thing like here and you tell him, you're sitting in the desk and you're driving. Because I'm going to be honest with this thing, if I can see 80% of my clients from my farm in my office there, so it is going to be an available psychologist. That doesn't necessarily have to drive into you. I can sit in my office there and then I do my nine hours of seeing people and then I chuck on. Definitely. None of that sort of thing. I mean, there was a, I sent that document, there was a link in it. It was an infographic. No, I didn't pick up the link. I saw what you... I put a button there, but I realized I didn't put a, there's a link in that thing. If you click on that button at the bottom of that page, the first thing I sent is a button there. Oh, the first, yeah, the link. I clicked on the link, yeah. So that was about... I opened it, yeah. That was about virtual versus... This, this, no, no, no, no. If you go all the way to the bottom of the, there's a PDF attached. I'll forward you the link now. PDF. Oh, the one you sent today? No, yes, the previous one. Oh, previous. Now, right at the bottom, there's a button. Like it looks like a little sign. So I'm interested in this. So if you click on that... Yeah, I've just clicked on it. Online therapy. Yeah, I've seen that. That. Yes. Yeah, the study where they... So I just, was this a little interesting? Yeah. That, so.
So, you know, so we, we wanna, you know, so I think the way you build that in their mind that they're in an environment, you know, we could use some pictures of, like you use spaces like when we rent a meeting room or something, you know, you, it's that airy, glossy office-y, or whatever to make them comfortable. But we can use that. So I think on the, the website itself is that it gives you that people place, faces, faces kind of, you know, thing look, so we can, so when they look at it, get that feeling and they're not, it's not like it's out there. They're not sitting in their home in that chair depressed on their phone. It feels a little bit more that they're still getting out. Yeah, I'm actually taking the first step. Yeah. But I realized what you want from me is that's the provider and that's linking into the system. And whatever that must be robust, must be that driver that gives the documents, the wording, and that you want that part. It's so you are signing up with a Netcare or Medicare or whatever and they were giving you the following to fill in. They were saying like, here's the platform, you will sit and book online and you can talk to a patient. So like, okay, we don't know what the price is behind that, but they're not focusing on mental health. They're only focusing on... Yeah, biological. Their intercare is focusing on their intercare and they've got a little platform, which is very crap. And now there's, I think Kix is trying to do an online thing where you can go book, you can get some medicines and stuff and they've got some GPs that run there. But the thing is that nobody out there is doing this first. I don't know, maybe they're too scared of it or they don't know what to do. Yeah, it is a huge undertaking because mental health is, yes, there's a gray area in mental health, but you can make the system so robust. Yes, it's got more limitations there, but out of that, you can then fit the whole community. But if you keep your shit safe, meaning this is the job description and the scope of practice for this person, and I'm not stepping out of it, HPCSA won't touch because they can't. Because you're allowed to ask in this arena, 10,000 Rand an hour or 500 Rand an hour. They've got nothing to do. They just say, don't fuck out of our scope of practice. And here's the interesting part, if you want to talk about mental health. Now here's the loophole, a huge loophole, and that is, if you say, let's say you do a counselor course, not registered with health, provisional,
And you say that you advertise yourself as a counselor, and you work as a counselor, you fall under the Health Professional Council of South Africa's counselor description. So you're not allowed to say, I am a counselor, if you don't have that number. You're not allowed to say, I am a psychologist, if you don't have a psychologist number. But you can do the counselor's work, the psychologist's work, the psychotherapist work, but anything if you say you're a facilitator, you can piss on everybody. If you say you're a health coach, you can piss on everybody. And that health professional council can't touch you because they don't have a thing of either this, this, this, this. And that's what they hate. You can start the practice, call yourself a facilitator, fuck about the way you want to. And they can't touch you. And then you could have 20 people that call you a facilitator, and you could be the one psychiatrist, but say you're bringing in each one a seeing client, I mean, patients each day. Yes, but they're running under their own facilitator, but I'm getting the money. In South Africa, it's about advertising. Where's the low hang? So I'll give you the, so technically there's going to be counselors, psychologists, psychometrists, which I don't really need. But there's going to be a fuck ton of facilitators, which I'm going to pass on the trauma work in that direction and that direction. Because that plays in that 70% affordability thing. So the percentage at the 12% that can afford, which aren't being treated, we then with no more. Or just a little bit. And then the 70% we can use, provide you cheaper resources to give almost as good, you know, trauma counseling or TIR. Exactly the same level, but people are trained at my level. But the thing is actually, there's the 8%. If we make a thousand seven hundred, the 8% becomes 20%. So it becomes this, we stretch that because of this. But like you say, the care we give them is 8% key. And then obviously we're also now bringing in the NGOs and that where there's funding. First about this and then suddenly American companies are going to say, no, we sponsor you a million dollars a year, just put it in Africa. And then it's like, oh. Like we have the mental health of people that are unemployed, they've got this, that, that, that. So how do I help? No, no, no. I'll definitely send you the, I'll start sending you the paperwork. Yeah.
I'll give you the different categories, I will give you the facts about it. Because there's one thing I do know in this country is the gay area. Where the money sits out on it, because for 24 years I've been concentrating on the gay area. So there you've got the right guy.
