So the understanding that they're not going to... it's not an HPCSA registered practitioner in the fine print, but this is a facilitator. Yeah, and he's been trained in the following... Yeah, so basically that's the whole thing. I think the triage thing is... I don't know if you look at the first thing I gave you. They can, if they don't want to speak, they can... any the reason. Because I'm speaking to guys in Cape Town, we can handle all levels of African languages. Is that the guys at the university? Yeah, I know the guys in Cape Town, they were from university, they called Basali AI. So they got... they understand all levels of African languages, their AI. Do their AI understand all the languages? Yes. So I would then plug into their AI, so when the person leaves his notes in whichever language, we transcribe it, translate it, and then give a... you know, it's things like in English. But I saw you said on that one thing, if it's not English, then rather type it. Yeah, because the natural language engine I'm using now doesn't get very good scores on other languages. Yeah, yeah, I understand. So I'm using open AI and I saw the scoring, the accuracy on other languages wasn't so great. Yeah, but it's difficult when they, when the dialect and kind of... But with their one, with the other one, it's perfect. It's 100%. So you can speak whatever, Afrikaans, English, broken Afrikaans, African off, English, and then it will work with that. Their platform is called Vela. So Vela will be on the back end of when it talks onboarding. And then from there, we will create the transcripts. And then obviously, you want a dashboard for somebody to manage because either then we've got to say one of our things is we're empowered by AI type of thing, but we leave the patient routing is all human, you know, it's a practitioner. So we need to, so yes, we could open the platform up, we onboard some providers and then we make it available to patients that come in later, they have their thing, all good, but there is a middle layer which we're adding, which we might not want to add initially, is the triage thing. Maybe we don't do that even. Maybe we don't, they basically fill in a form like they would do when they come to see you and then they book an appointment. You know, they say, yeah, here's the available panel, here's five, six doctors, there's a picture of them each. You click on book, you see the calendar, you say, okay, look, I'm going to chat to that guy at that time and then we facilitate that. But that could be, but I really feel, I kind of feel in my heart that that initial interaction must, it kind of sets us apart. If you, I don't know how you, because otherwise we're just offering, there's other ones, it's a, you can Google and then go to one of my competitors, which is that person and it's got five people you can choose. And then you can phone them or make another appointment. Yeah, so I'm not scared of that component because I think there's a lot of people, I mean, I'll let you talk about that is, you know, there's people out there that I just find like when I was going through cancer or when I was going through this or when this happened, I struggled to find help, even though they say there's support groups. When you say group to me, support group, I run that one. Because firstly, I'm not going to sit and tell you about mine. So I think, you know, I think you mentioned, so I think, okay, so the platform positioning, we're positioning it as that is a technology platform, but we have independent practitioners and then the onboarding, we can handle that. Practitioner structure, yeah, we are up to something around that together, but I think it's like a little, just initial, we'll smarten that up. And then I think, yeah, so maybe where you want to come in, you can let me not talk too much. So another liability mitigation is that the agreement with the practitioners, obviously, we've got a practitioner agreement and you know, me and you can hash that out to make sure that we, you know, we're not, not messing there. So we cover the development of practitioner agreement, all of the ones in terms and conditions, the telehealth consent documentation, because it's a telehealth platform, basically, popular compliance, emergency escalation, and then the practitioner agreement. That's all of that. All of that is of vital importance. Yeah. So basically, because you say, look, we're not a crisis handling, we're not an emergency, we are a platform. So as much as, you know, when the wheels fall off, you know, you need to call your, you know, go to the hospital, you know, at least then ask them. And they're giving all please don't vote. Yeah. So I think I'm not sure if you're okay with sharing what you've put together. Yeah, I'm going to share it. Yeah, so go for it. Get started. Can you see it? Otherwise, I'm going to... I can see, yeah, yeah. Are you sure? Yeah, yeah. I gave it last yesterday. So I can see much better. So the wonderful thing, I love the idea and the capability of the thing. I went and did some research. There's about 92%, I think, of people in South Africa that don't get help at the end. Mental health. So only 8% actually get... Yeah. And there's various reasons. It's difficult to find practitioners. There's the thing of the whole, I'm going to a psychologist, the idea around it, the mental health is the stigma. And then there's the big one also is finances. And then a lot of people don't know how to get in contact with one and who to ask. And so that is a lot of things. And then the finances, like it's for a private health care session, $1,100, $1,400. You live in Santon, it's $2,000, whatever. So there is a market, which I realized, because then I engaged, I do a lot of chat with ChatGPT in terms of that. There's about 20% untapped market that if you increase the market from 8% about to 20%, if you lower the cost of the session and make it accessible for more people like the system one. So there's a huge, still market that is willing to pay a substantial amount that misses this whole thing. So if the financial viability and profitability, there is a huge 20% gap, which is a lot of people. That is, if you get a subscription-based thing and all of that, that's the whole thing. And then there's in South Africa, let's say a 70% market that can't do, they can't pay for it. It's like, I can't, I'm not going to pay for it. I just want that thing. But to develop one and talk if you, because you want that, it's like a church. The church has to make money, otherwise it dies. It's one of those things. So you have to run it like a business, otherwise one and talk will die out, I believe quite soon. Yeah, I think the, I agree. I mean, that is real stats obviously. So I agree with that. So I think we can never give the service away for free. The reason being is you create a perception that, well, it has to be known that this is not a free service because we give as good service as our any person else. As I said, you said before, if you make something cheap or free, it creates the perception of subpar, subpar service. We mustn't be scared to say we're going to charge. So $9.99 or $2.85 or what. I think where the nice leverage comes in to say, if we're on board, say somebody's starting and then their last year or they're doing whatever and they get a new company. So they're almost there. So we call it the facilitators. So we know that that facilitator is not far off what you'd get once you've given them some, so I'll get back to something. And then we could say, look, okay, we discussed and say, look, you know, at 500 rand a session for an hour or we do 400 rand for half an hour or something like that. So, you know,
